[KV] update how kv works to improve comparison (#20727)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/kv/concepts/how-kv-works.mdx

KV is a global, low-latency, key-value data store. It stores data in a small number of centralized data centers, then caches that data in Cloudflare's data centers after access.

KV supports exceptionally high read volumes with low latency, making it possible to build dynamic APIs that scale thanks to KV's built-in caching and global distribution.

> Requests which are not in cache and need to hit the centralized back end can experience higher latencies.

Author: ```suggestion
Requests which are not in cache and need to access the central stores can experience higher latencies.
```

![Initial reads will miss the cache and go to the nearest central data store first.](~/assets/images/kv/kv-slow-read.svg)

> Frequent reads from the same location return the cached value without reading from anywhere else, resulting in the fastest response times. KV operates diligently to update the cached values by refreshing from upper tier caches and central data stores tiers before cache expires in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frequent reads from the same location return the cached value without reading from anywhere else, resulting in the fastest response times. KV operates diligently to update the cached values by refreshing from upper tier caches and central data stores before cache expires in the background.
```
Should the `tiers` be here? Removing for now

An approach to achieve write-after-write consistency is to send all of your writes for a given KV key through a corresponding instance of a Durable Object, and then read that value from KV in other Workers. This is useful if you need more control over writes, but are satisfied with KV's read characteristics described above.

## Comparison with other key-value stores

> Workers KV is optimized to provide edge data to Workers running across Cloudflare's network. KV can provide low-latency access to data for optimal Workers performance.

Author: ```suggestion
Workers KV is optimized to provide edge data to Workers running across Cloudflare's network. This is ideal for configuration data, user preferences, cached values, etc.
```
